
--- Page 1 ---
al
u
n
a
m
HIP
RS
BE
M
ME
G P T C H U R C H - H E B R O N C I T Y
--- Page 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENT
A word from the senior Pastors 1
Preamble 2
Statement of Faith 3
Vision, Mission, Our Identity, 4
Our Core Values, Core Functions 5
Our Peer Groups 6
Service Teams 7
Zonal fellowships and Life Groups, Qualifications for
membership 8
Responsibilities/ Expectation of members 9
Member’s benefits and privileges 10
Conclusion 12
i
--- Page 3 ---
A WORD FROM THE SENIOR PASTORS
Greetings in the most wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus
Christ.
Thank you for making a decision to be part Green Pastures
Tabernacle - Hebron City Church family.
We are highly honored to have you as part of us. We appreciate that
none of us is perfect and hence we are committed to an on-going
growing relationship with Christ. It is our sincere hope that we will
grow together, Serve the Lord together and advance the Kingdom of
God in this nation and beyond. This manual basically informs you
about who we are and as members what is our expectation of you. It
also addresses the things we would like to you know in order to
enhance our fellowship with one another. Please go through it feel
free to seek further clarification on any issue.
We therefore warmly welcome you and trust that you will integrate
well into this church.
We love and value you.
God Bless You!
Pastor Albert & Mary Shitakwa
“Raising Kingdom Ambassadors”
1
--- Page 4 ---
PREAMBLE
Green Pastures Tabernacle Church - Hebron City (formally
City-Centre) was Launched on February, 4th 2007 at Bidco Towers
(now Mount Kenya University) along Moi Avenue in the CBD.
The Green Pastures Tabernacle - Hebron City began with a
congregation of about 40 people at Bidco Towers. We had the venue
until October 2009 when the building was closed and we relocated to
Moi Avenue Primary School where worshiped up until March 2021.
In April 2021 we moved to our current location and re-launched the
church as Green Pastures Tabernacle - Hebron City on May, 30th
2021.
To enhance ministry and fellowship we have established Peer
groups, Ministry Action groups, Children’s Church, Teens Church,
Couples fellowship, and Zonal fellowships.
We have an on-going Strategic Leadership Training Program where
we raise Godly leaders who in turn exert Kingdom influence in the
corporate world, market place and the community in which they are.
So far about 200 aspiring and current leaders have passed through
this program.
The church is led by Rev. Albert and Mary Shitakwa together with an
advisory board mandated with providing direction and policy. We
also have a great Pastoral team and leaders who are responsible to
oversee the various Departments and Ministries in the church.
2
--- Page 5 ---
STATEMENT OF FAITH
We believe in the one eternal God who exists in the Trinity of God the
Father, God the Son and the Holy Spirit, the creator and Lord of the world,
who governs all things according to the purpose of his will, calling out of
the world a people for Himself and sending them back to the world to be
His servants and witnesses for the extension of His Kingdom, the building
of Christ’s church to the glory of His name
We believe in the one Savior, Jesus Christ Himself being the only God-man
who died for the sins of mankind and was raised from the dead; the only
ransom for sinners and mediator between God and man; who desires that
all people be saved according to the holy scriptures who offers forgiveness
of sins and the gift of the eternal life to all who repent , believe and come to
Him personally and those who reject Him by so doing also reject the gift of
salvation and condemn themselves to eternal separation from God.
We believe in God the Holy Spirit who bears witness to Jesus Christ and
speaking through Scriptures, illuminates the minds of God’s people in
every culture to perceive the truth and to disclose to the to the whole church
of the wisdom of God; whose power works among men leading them to the
conviction of sin faith in Christ, new birth, and Christian growth.
We believe in the divine inspiration, truthfulness and authority of the Old
and New Testament Scriptures as the infallible word of God with power to
accomplish His purpose of salvation.
We believe in the second coming of Jesus Christ Personally and visibly in
power and glory to consummate the eternal plan of God and to Judge both
the living and the dead.
We believe in water baptism by immersion of believers as a public
declaration of believer’s identity with Christ in His death, burial and
resurrection and as a public declaration of the initiation into the body of
Christ (the Church).
We believe in the baptism of the Holy Spirit with the initial evidence of
speaking in tongues.
3
--- Page 6 ---
OUR VISION
We see a true growing spiritual church of Jesus Christ with an earthly
relevance and heavenly focus.
OUR MISSION
We exist to create an enabling environment where saints pray, worship
God, minister to each other and to the world and are empowered to thrive
spiritually, intellectually, socially and economically.
OUR SLOGAN
“Raising Kingdom Ambassadors”
OUR IDENTITY
GPT is;
• A Biblically based church submitted to the supremacy of God the
Father, the leading of the Blessed Holy Spirit and the Headship of
our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.
• A church with a target audience among the urban populace.
• A community of believers open to people of all tribes, races and
social stratum.
• A church with a relevant and practical approach to ministry
targeting the whole person with the life changing word of God.
4
--- Page 7 ---
OUR CORE VALUES
Excellence Community
Philippians 1:10 Psalms 133:1
Simplicity
2nd Corinthians. 11:3
Teach-ability Servant-hood
Isaiah 66:2 Mark 10:45
OUR CORE FUNCTIONS
Prayer: We value Prayer, both corporate and personal as the primary key
to releasing and accomplishing God’s purposes Agenda for the church and
in the earth.
Praise and Worship: We value praise and worship both corporate and
personal as a key component of our lifestyle and church service is
expressing our allegiance, adoration and adulation to our heavenly Father.
Sound biblical Teaching: We value sound biblical teaching of the word of
God as the way to transform lives and bring saints to spiritual maturity.
Leadership Development: We value Leadership Development as a way of
raising competent, Godly, servant leaders which is fundamental in
transforming and influencing society for God and for better. We believe
that everything and falls on leadership.
Evangelism & Discipleship: We value Evangelism & Discipleship as the
mandate through which we reach out, win the lost to Christ and disciple
them to grow in their walk with Christ.
Integrity: We value Personal Integrity and holiness as the way of for every
believer. We are committed to g and encouraging this virtue to all our
members.
Fellowship: We value fellowship with one another as both are a means to
growing in Christ and an end in building meaningful relationships with
one another.
5
--- Page 8 ---
OUR PEER GROUPS
Eagles fellowship
This is a group of men in GPT-HC. The acronym E.A.G.L.E.S defines the
objective of the fellowship which is to raise men who are Excellent,
Accountable, Godly, Leaders, Empowered, Serving in the Vineyard of the
Lord.
Wings Fellowship
These are the ladies in GPT-HC. Their goal is to build strong God fearing
families’ and be actively involved in ministry. WINGS stand for Women In
God’s Service.
Over-comers Fellowship
This is a group of single young people, 20 years old and above, in college,
campus or working with a passion for God. Their vision and mission entails
a pursuit for holistic growth, serving God with passion and strength of their
youth and living an overcoming Christian lifestyle.
Teens Fellowship
This group is comprised of teenagers from the age of 13 years to 19 years.
Their programs usually include discussions on topical issues that are
pertinent to this age group, sound biblical teaching, singing and dancing,
drama and Q & A interactive sessions.
Children’s Church
This is a church designed to ground our children in the word of God in a
simple exciting environment hence raising children who fear and love God.
They are divided into three groups according to their age as follows:
children who are 3 to 5 years old, 6 to 8 years old and lastly the pre-teens age
9 to 12 years old. Their programs include Bible stories, prayer, games with
life skills lessons, biblical puzzles and crosswords for upper classes, lessons
taught through pictures and drawing etc.
6
--- Page 9 ---
Marriage Ministry
In addition, we have forums for couples to be enriched in their marriage
though teaching, mentor-ship and counseling. The programs include
interactive sessions where we discuss relevant topics on marriage and
family, enrichment, strengthened, built and helped so that every couple
enjoys marriage ad God intended.
OUR SERVICE TEAMS
These are groups that are involved in active service in church.
1. Protocol
This is a ministry that embodies servant-hood. They are a team of
committed brethren given to kingdom service through hospitality. They
help with bringing order in the services by efficiently and effectively
facilitating those who come to church. They make every person, both
members and visitors, feel welcomed and loved.
2. Hebron City Voices
This is a team with the role of leading the congregation in corporate praise
and worship. Their main mandate is to provide an enabling environment
for authentic and passionate worship through spiritual music.
3. Intercessory Ministry
This is a group mandated to see the church become a fervently and
effectively praying church. They seek to recruit, empower and engage all
church members to life of prayer. It’s program includes morning
intercession sessions every Sunday, prayer seminars, trainings and
equipping forums
7
--- Page 10 ---
ZONAL FELLOWSHIPS/ LIFE GROUPS
As church we believe in believer’s discipleship and fellowship going
beyond the confines of the church sanctuary on Sunday. Zonal fellowships
and life groups offer a forum for discipleship, friendship, and fellowship at
a more personal level…It is expected that every member belongs to a zonal
fellowship and life groups within their location.
QUALIFICATION FOR MEMBERSHIP
For a person to become a member GPT-HC one needs first to have accepted
Christ as his/ her personal Savior. This qualifies one to be a member of the
body of Christ first; and then he/she can formally join the membership of
GPT-HC.
1. The person ought to have been in GPT-HC for the last 3 months after
they have formally declared their interest to join the church and
attend our services and the peer group meetings regularly for the
said period.
a. This gives the person enough time to interact with us and helps
them in making an informed decision whereas it offers the
church an opportunity to authenticate them.
2. The person needs to attend the integration service which is held
quarterly where he/she will register him/herself as a member after
which they become officially integrated to the family of GPT-HC.
8
--- Page 11 ---
RESPONSIBILITIES/ EXPECTATIONS OF MEMBERS
The responsibilities and expectations of members are outlined as follows:
Members are expected to:
• Subscribe to the church Statement of Faith, Vision, Mission Core
Values and expectations of a member as stated in this manual.
• Have a growing relationship with Jesus Christ.
• Attend services regularly. [Hebrews 10:25]
• Be of good character that portrays Christ at home, neighborhood,
work/business place, not just in church but everywhere. [Philippi-
ans 1:27, Ephesians 4:1.]
• Strife to keep the bond of unity and enhance brotherly love and
simplicity of the gospel. [Ephesians 4:1-6]
• Willingly, cheerfully and faithfully bring in their tithe and offer-
ings.
• Be committed to church programs and willingly support the Minis-
try when called upon to and to take initiative to fulfill a need
whenever one sees it.
• Be actively involved in the peer groups and zonal fellowships in
order to enhance fellowship, relationship, and ministry to one
another, since we grow in community and not in isolation.
• Serve this community according to the measure of the gift of Christ.
[Romans 12:6.]
• Acknowledge, submit and be loyal to the spiritual authority and
the leadership of the church.
• Be a good ambassador of Christ and of the GPT-HC family by
representing her well whenever they go.
• Be accountable, honest and faithful as a good steward of Christ.
• Participate and contribute ideas towards the well-being of the
church.
• Observe church ordinances.
9
--- Page 12 ---
MEMBERS BENEFITS AND PRIVILEGES
The following are the benefits and privileges to be enjoyed by the church
members;
• Balanced spiritual nurture: The church, by God’s grace and
enablement will provide a balanced spiritual nurture through the
teaching of God’s word and pastoral care so that saints grow
spiritually and are empowered to fulfill their God given purpose
and destiny. Jeremiah 3:15
◦ The Church will provide environment conducive for a worship
experience.
◦ The church will create an enabling environment for the exercise
of Spiritual gifts
• Spiritual cover: we get saved as individuals but grow in community
under a shepherd who is mandated by Scripture to watch over our
souls as one who must give an account. Heb 13:17, Ezekiel 34:8.
• Recommendation Letter: members will get recommendation from
the church when and as need arises.
• Celebration of Marriage: For a member getting married, the Pastor
will officiate the ceremony in addition to giving premarital
counseling, provided the Pastor is notified six months prior to the
wedding, and that the member has met biblical criteria according to
church policy on marriage.
• Child Dedication: the church will dedicate children of her members
unto the Lord and provide a certificate for the same. Mark 10:13-14,
Luke 2:22 1 Sam 1:11
• Counseling.
• Prayer.
• Warmth of fellowship and the right hand of fellowship.
• Members Baptism: members who are not baptized according to
scripture i.e. by way water immersion will be baptized and a
certificate will be issued for the same. Romans 6:3-4
• Enjoy pastoral and members care.
• Hospital Visitation
• Conducting Burials: in the unfortunate case of demise of a member,
the church will:
10
--- Page 13 ---
◦ Provide spiritual and emotional support to the bereaved family
conduct the burial of the deceased and in addition provide an
official contribution towards the funeral arrangements as stated by
the funeral policy.
▪ This applies only to a member and his/her children who are
below the age of 18 years unless after the 21 years he/she
continues to be a member of the church.
◦ In case of demise of a member’s parents and /or sibling, the church
will stand with the bereaved family as per the church policy.
CONCLUSION
The church leadership will endeavor by the Grace of God and with the
support of her members provide: a transparent, accountable and Godly
leadership full of integrity and upholding biblical principles in the
management of the ministry and in its pursuit to fulfill God’s mandate to
the Glory of God.
You are warmly welcomed as we grow together in this wonderful and
authentic journey of intentional fellowship and spiritual development
within this biblical community.
Weekly Peer
Services Groups
Strategic
Leadership Zonal
Training Fellowships
Service
Teams
“Raising Kingdom Ambassadors”
11
--- Page 14 ---
Church Office & Address
Utawala, Mihang’o area along
Buru Farmers Rd. 200 mtrs
from Boston High School
P.O. Box 45982 - 00100 GPO
Nairobi
+254 721 140 331
info@gpthebroncity.org
www.gpthebroncity.org
GPT Hebron City